talks very well guys talking about drug
not shared today need for
speed hot features for android
remembering that for the bike gemol showers and
I think I also told you, it's just a
here in my teaching book.
The trunk is the monster I walked neither like
solve
It's just you read blue and also discover
another way you just need to push the
that children is the beautiful song that goes
normally vote for two stages of the
twice day button
ok let's work there
click the defeated link in the description
What are you going to hear here?
soon after that release free download
then the case you are at 25 years old
is the one who most worked normally and goes
I'm going to close here because I'm already
I have so do not steal after having
downloaded the streak of the initial rohde patton
Are you going to have a fingernail problem with amd?
subject is in books and van rompuy for now
the defendant only in the bajaki look so good that
You leave, you give a bug, you'll want
a right click and is still extract anton
and you're going to be extracting it and I'm going to use it
here right when I'm there I'll be back
ready after you have extracted will close
automatically and goes if you can
realize that this folder will appear nff
hp arm
let's use it what you should
make you go after it and it will unite
all these three folders is the one I
apply that which is the date and as soon as I
I'm not kidding, it's not good, we'll go.
use the date the athlete
let's go first step
is copied to sin
Copy the k pilot and connect your
salary on the computer there in memory
internal memory card
seek and reap
ready to paste it will come here as
file white apk nfs-e good file
Then what are you going to do?
close will reopen bet again and
varzim here our second folder with a
point is the point mfs agape you go with is
end up copying base in your
cell phone
will paste on android date
and right-click again
until whom to paste my work here
because I already have yours I will not give you
already going to start necklace ii will take a
little to take dance thing bank 15
minutes because it is a large file
so I'm going to give a cancel that more
you should paste
Let's close it and now I'm going to
cell phone screen the galera galera after
of having spent one to sin and the date
for your android and have extracted the date
for android and android bar date peace
and date you just need to look for the
apply and install it
I put my right here
just look for it and you will click
save two packages and install
you should usually make sure that the
date is therefore if you do not have to download
new date is you give it a go it goes
it descends here and after it descends you just
do this from here press this button here
and come back to the agenda twice in my own
is not giving a problem but still then
I do not need to do anything else before
I was walking and I laughed the month is
to do that stopped and then the game will
show you some here I
I prefer the garbage graphics the speedy
I show the environment to talk here.
i
what barge
I 'm going to stop there, I 'm very
more today saw galera more informal
all a tutorial people do not even sign up
on the channel like the video did you like the
It's been said and until the next video